[DOCS-12667] Add Google Cloud logging guide (#33027)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/google-cloud-log-forwarding.md

   **Note**: You can also manually configure a [Cloud Pub/Sub subscription][410] with the **Pull** delivery type. If you manually create your Pub/Sub subscription, leave the `Enable dead lettering` box **unchecked**. For more details, see [Unsupported Pub/Sub features][411].

{{< img src="integrations/google_cloud_platform/create_a_topic.png" alt="The Create a topic page in the Google Cloud Console with the Add a default subscription checkbox selected" style="width:80%;">}}

2. Give that topic an explicit name such as `export-logs-to-datadog` and click **Create**.

3. Create an additional topic and default subscription to handle any log messages rejected by the Datadog API. The name of this topic is used within the Datadog Dataflow template as part of the path configuration for the `outputDeadletterTopic` [template parameter][412]. When you have inspected and corrected any issues in the failed messages, send them back to the original `export-logs-to-datadog` topic by running a [Pub/Sub to Pub/Sub template][413] job.

4. Datadog recommends creating a secret in [Secret Manager][414] with your valid Datadog API key value, for later use in the Datadog Dataflow template.

> **Warning**: Cloud Pub/Subs are subject to [Google Cloud quotas and limitations][415]. If the number of logs you have exceeds those limitations, Datadog recommends you split your logs over several topics. See [the Monitor the Pub/Sub Log Forwarding section](#monitor-the-cloud-pubsub-log-forwarding) for information on setting up monitor notifications if you approach those limits.

Reviewer: This is the yellow alert box. Should this be at the top of this section instead of the bottom? 

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-danger">
Cloud Pub/Subs are subject to <a href="https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/quotas#quotas">Google Cloud quotas and limitations</a>. If the number of logs you have exceeds those limitations, Datadog recommends you split your logs over several topics. See the <a href="#monitor-the-cloud-pubsub-log-forwarding">Monitor the Pub/Sub Log Forwarding</a> section for information on setting up monitor notifications if you approach those limits.
</div>
```
